Samsung's Galaxy S25 series launch is not far away, and speculation—especially about the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra, the next top-end flagship from the Korean giant—has reached a tipping point. In fact, devices from the series have been spotted on BIS. According to 91Mobiles, the Samsung S25 Plus and S25 Ultra were spotted on BIS, with the S25 Plus carrying the model number SM-S936B, and the Ultra sporting the number SM-S938B. This listing suggests that the launch of the S25 Ultra, along with other models, is imminent, potentially happening as soon as January, based on other reports. That being said, there is already a lot we know about the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra. Let's dive into the details.
Starting with the build and design, the S25 Ultra is expected to feature a major change in the form of rounded corners. Based on recent dummy leaks from popular tipster OnLeaks, the device will have rounded corners, replacing the sharp corners of the S24 Ultra. This could make for a more comfortable in-hand experience. Additionally, the dummy images reveal a flat display, so Samsung will likely continue to offer a flat display for the second year in a row, following the S24 Ultra's flat screen. As for the build materials, it is expected to retain titanium for the frame, and the back will likely feature Corning Gorilla Glass.
Regarding the specs, the Galaxy S25 Ultra could sport the Snapdragon 8 Elite chipset, although it’s unclear if it will be a "for Galaxy" model like the S24 Ultra, which shipped with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip for Galaxy. This custom chip was slightly faster than the standard model. Samsung is also expected to bring the Snapdragon 8 Elite chipset to all models across all markets. We may see the S25 Plus, S25, and S25 Ultra all sport the 8 Elite chipset in India as well. Some reports, including from Tom’s Guide, suggest that Samsung could bump the RAM to 16GB, up from the 12GB found in the S24 Ultra. This increase would help future-proof the phone for AI applications, similar to the Pixel 9 Pro.